[Music]
in 18th century France jean-baptiste
early was born with the town but made
him unique among mankind stands warm
stones frog his phenomenal sense of
smell is a gift that had been given to
him and him alone
Master can I come to work for you my
nose knows all the smells in the world
no man can call himself a perfumer
unless he has proved his worth the soul
of beings is their scent the
intoxicating power of the girl's mouth
made it clear to him that he must learn
how to preserve scent so that never
again would he lose such sublime beauty
[Music]
I'm creating a path here
each bar fuel contains three chords
12 notes in all one can create a truly
original perfume by adding one essence
that will bring out whatever and send
skin that will surely be incomplete
without
a perfume of such power that every
person on earth believed they were in
paradise
[Music]